Changes in tsfa version 2009.10-1

   o	Standardized NEWS format for new function news().

   o	Fixed a few documentation problems found by R-2.10.0 (beta) quality checks.


Changes in tsfa version 2011.11-1

   o	updated maintainer email address.

Changes in tsfa version 2011.3-1

   o	Changed periods() and tfperiods() to Tobs() to be consistent with
   	changes in tframe.

Changes in tsfa version 2009.2-1

   o	added check that CDNmoney is available in tests and examples.

   o	minor changes corresponding to small changes in tframe.

   o	update Erik Meijer's email address.

   o	small fixed in vignettes to properly produce graphs, and missed changes
	related rationalization of object structures.

   o	replaced reference to non-existent indicatorNames() in explained.FAmodel 
	and summary.FAmodel.

   o	NEWS file 2006.x-x was corrected to indicate 2007.5-1.

Changes in tsfa version 2007.5-1

   o	small changes related to changes in tframe were necessary.
    
   o	demos  SOM-2005.R  and WP-2006-3.R were added.

   o	the number of parameters in the calculation of fit statistics for the
	saturated model was fix for the possibility that the Lederman bound may
	not be an integer.
 
   o	object structure was rationalized. TSFestModel is now gone, and the
	estimation sub-object is an optional $stats element in the FAmodel 
	object. One important aspect of this is that $model$estConverged and
	$model$rotationtConverged are now $stats$estConverged and 
	$stats$rotationtConverged. FAmodel does not have factors, but fFAmodel 
	extends it by including factors, and TSFmodel extends fFAmodel by 
	including time associated pieces (tframe and diff). The fFAmodel is 
	experimental and not extensively used yet, but there is a fair amount
	code already committed to having factors in the TSFmodel as an
	extension of an FAmodel.

   o	argument methodArgs changed to rotationArgs in several functions, for
	improved clarity.

   o	added estimation function estFAmodel using Sigma rather than data (and
	so does not return factor predictions). This also provides estimation 
	for non-time-series factor models (FAmodel objects).

   o	estTSF.ML  re-organized to call estFAmodel using Sigma then add 
	factor predictions.
     
   o	changed estTSF.ML to call rotation by name rather than GPFoblq, so
	othogonal rotations are now possible. (See rotation 
	names in GPArotations.)

   o	changed permusign to have default Phi of NULL, rather than I, which is 
	more consistent with GPForth for orthogonal rotations.

   o	eps and maxit were not being passed from estTSF.ML to GPFoblq.
 
   o	The Bartlett prediction calculation in estTSF.ML was converted to use a 
	more robust computation, which works better when there are more indicators
	and possible problems of near singular computations.

   o	Methods for tfplot were changed so that adding the Title 
	can be turned off using a global option setting PlotTitles=FALSE.
 
   o	is.R() and some code related to possibly running in Splus was
	removed. (The package has never been tested in Splus.)

   o	fixed a problem with tsfa tfplot method for monte carlo class.
